CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?

biz.py

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?

This program will pull customer information from a csv file dictionary. Using the dictionary pull product information which then will give us prices. The program will then take the information and compute totals for customers rentals. Then the program will print a receipt giving the customers totals. Adding a discount for those that rent 3+ items. Have a code that allows for employees to access client list, printing the list into the command window.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?

This will help me continue to learn how the integration of all aspects I have learned merge into one code. Allowing to continue practicing my skills as a developer. 

4. What Python modules will your program use?

datetime, csv, txt

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. List the names of functions you will need?

read_dict()
main()
apply_discount()


    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. List the names of the test functions you will write.

